/*
Reflection
Student : Kiarash Kia
Student ID: 108688235
Email: kkia2@myseneca.ca
Workshop 1
Date : 9/17/2023
 */

This workshop was quite a nice but challenging review of IPC from some aspects. Moreover, it was supposed to make the learner familiar with the syntax of C++ as well

the first part only needed to identify proper parts for different modules and header files and was not a problem to me. I just needed to read and understand the functions
to be able to properly use them considering the functionality of the program.

However, the second one had some challenging points for me in its details. Understanding where and how to start and grasping the purpose of each function
before using them. I did my best to put parts in their right place. For example I am still confused if I had to make the whole functionality inside the mandatory, provided function. But I did.


I am aware of using Macros as well that I probably missed in my work. It happened because lack of time as I was trying to do testing as well to be sure everything is going well.
For example, I found that removing non-alphabetic and whitespaces (both leading and trailing) is not in the execution test. But it took time for me to do it as well to make a quality work that
has the ability to handle some circumstances. I had the trim() function however I had to modify it to do trimming for space and non alphabet characters at the same time.
After that I faced a logical problem that took long for me to fix. as "!" is considered non alphabetic, and as I used trim() before the validation, actually nothing was going in the loop, 
and so it caused unexpected behaviour. Therefore I spent time to search and understand what is the issue. I found that when I remove trim() function, it works well. Thus I noticed that something should
happen in the function. At last, I modified the trim () function again to make an exception for entering "!" by the user. And it worked!

Rest of it was quite straightforward and provided functions helped me in addition to the review I had on IPC notes and searching a bit about functions and libraries. Also testing and facing failures as always made me think how to break and solve problems one by one.
 